added updated information (#886)
magento/merchdocs: src/system/data-export.md

1. Scroll down and click **Continue** in the lower-right corner of the page.

> 1. Upon completion of the task, the file is processed through a message queue (make sure your cron job is running). Once the file is exported it is saved in the var/export/ folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Upon completion of the task, the file is processed through a message queue (make sure your cron job is running). The exported file is saved in the `var/export/ folder`. For more information about the message queue, see ]Manage message queues](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.4/config-guide/mq/manage-message-queues.html) in our developer documentation.
```
